## MarkupEditor Use Cases

While semiLM tools like spherical sampling or patch-based semiLMs are useful in densely sampling a complex geometry for shape analysis, there might be occassional points that are dropped of the surface for various reasons (e.g., a damaged specimen missing a section). Because GPA requires existence of identical set of landmarks, you either have to remove that sample from the analysis, or remove those problematic points. Since you probably have hundreds of semiLMs the latter makes more sense. The primary challenge is these methods do not necessarily provide LMs in any sort of order. Identifying the indices and labels of the few you want to remove may take some time. 

Also, it in other scenario where you have created a template of hundreds of semiLMs from a skull, you may want to assign them into anatomical regions (neurocranium, splanchnocranium, basicranium so forth) or subset them so that you can run integration and/or modularity analyses. Again, this is not easy task, as the landmarks are not necessarily in any order.

`MarkupEditor` tries to address these concerns by enabling you interact with a set of landmarks, selecting a subset by drawing a curve in 3D viewer. This is a very new module and some of the functionality (such as selecting only visible points on the curve) is not yet implemented. But even as it is, we expect it to be quite useful for you. Similar to `ExportAs` `MarkupEditor` is a SlicerMorph specific function, that enables a right-click context menu when you hover over a fiducial in the 3D viewer and right-click on it.  
